.\"Modified from man(1) of FreeBSD, the NetBSD mdoc.template, and mdoc.samples.
.\"See Also:
.\"man mdoc.samples for a complete listing of options
.\"man mdoc for the short list of editing options
.\"/usr/share/misc/mdoc.template
.Dd 3/13/20               \" DATE
.Dt switch_query 1      \" Program name and manual section number

.Os linux
.Sh NAME                 \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm switch_query
.\" The following lines are read in generating the apropos(man -k) database. Use only key
.\" words here as the database is built based on the words here and in the .ND line.
.\" .Nm Other_name_for_same_program(),
.\" .Nm Yet another name for the same program.
.\" Use .Nm macro to designate other names for the documented program.
.Nd Command line tool for managing Cisco Switches.
.Sh SYNOPSIS             \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
.Op Fl UPprmuvh             \" [-abcd]
.Op Fl h                   \" [-a path]
.Op Ar hosts

.Sh DESCRIPTION          \" Section Header - required - don't modify

A tool easily used for configuring cisco switches via telnet or ssh 
this tool make it easier to run commands on multiple switches at the same time.



.Pp
A list of flags and their descriptions:
.Bl -tag -width -indent  \" Differs from above in tag removed
.It Fl U    -Username \"-a flag as a list item
The username for the switch(s)
.It Fl P    -Password 
The password for th switch(s)
.It Fl p    -enablepassword
The Enable password for advanced configurations will default to password if left blank
.It Fl r    -protocol [Protocol] 
This is the protocol for communitcation options are: 'ssh' or 'telnet' 
.It Fl m    -show-mac-table
Show the mac-address table from the target cisco device 
.It Fl u    -uptime 
Show the uptime of the target cisco device 
.It Fl      -stats 
Show the interface network stats from the target cisco switch 
.It Fl      -vlan 
Show the vlan summary
.It Fl h    -hosts
enter an array of hosts to query 
.It Fl v    -verbose 
Toggle verbosity
.It Fl      -name-servers
Shows the configured name servers of the targeted cisco devices 
.It Fl R     -show-run 
Shows the running config for interfaces on the targeted cisco devices


.El                      \" Ends the list
.Pp
.\" .Sh ENVIRONMENT      \" May not be needed
.\" .Bl -tag -width "ENV_VAR_1" -indent \" ENV_VAR_1 is width of the string ENV_VAR_1
.\" .It Ev ENV_VAR_1
.\" Description of ENV_VAR_1
.\" .It Ev ENV_VAR_2
.\" Description of ENV_VAR_2
.\" .El
.\".Sh FILES                \" File used or created by the topic of the man page
.\".Bl -tag -width "/Users/joeuser/Library/really_long_file_name" -compact
.\".It Pa /usr/share/file_name
.\"FILE_1 description
.\".It Pa /Users/joeuser/Library/really_long_file_name
.\"FILE_2 description
.El                      \" Ends the list
.\" .Sh DIAGNOSTICS       \" May not be needed
.\" .Bl -diag
.\" .It Diagnostic Tag
.\" Diagnostic informtion here.
.\" .It Diagnostic Tag
.\" Diagnostic informtion here.
.\" .El
.\".Sh SEE ALSO
.\" List links in ascending order by section, alphabetically within a section.
.\" Please do not reference files that do not exist without filing a bug report
.\".Xr a 1 ,
.\" .Sh BUGS              \" Document known, unremedied bugs
.\" .Sh HISTORY           \" Document history if command behaves in a unique manner